hey John how are you how are you John
I'm trying to talk to you come on John
don't be like that no I didn't leave you
at the bus stop on purpose come on John
John John come on come on John come on
John please forgive me stop come on John
forgive me
I think he's really upset I left him at
the bus stop because I went to go get
some tic tacs and I just left him that
he's really upset about it John come on
please forgive me come on look at me
look at me John say I'm sorry okay do
you forgive me
yeah it gives me
on horse open sleigh bells on bobtails
ring making spirits bright what fun is
to laugh and sing a sleighing song
tonight Oh jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one-horse open sleigh hey
I haven't heard is e-readers yet yeah
read I read it read it read what where
it's it's good I think is gizzy dizzy
really oh you're done this time man
wait come on man come on I'm gonna kill
you stop god I would play
we have to beef you have the beef yes to
me yeah yes the meat the chicken look
what no no chicken the pork no grandpa
the cow no wait yes yes the cow yes to
see the feet no wait what the beach no
yes yes yes we have the beef we have the
beef Oh grandpa oh we have the beef okay
grandpa
Oh bingo okay I'm ready
what the wireless textures patch with MC
MC patcher HD fix what I don't know what
you're talking about but alright I owe
its water Oh
oh yeah you need to update your texture
pack which one you using I'm using like
some outdated runescape texture pack
because the textures are nice on it well
maybe if you get a like update heard
you're going out ah bitch fetch fetch
okay we got for you guys I don't want to
look behind me I'm gonna do it
fuck fuck what fuck Egon kick on back
down go finish it dad
fuck let me should holy shit holy shit
holy shit my god see I can't see
oh yeah fuck fuck like I don't want to
play this game I played this game fun
I'm trapped you oh it's I'm the little
one I have the juicy ones
I'm the chosen this is the trader room
we're gonna die take the treasure for
yourself dizzy still has my clock if
you've invested lots in your friends
will be saved but you won't get your
treasure alright so I have to choose
between my friends on my treasure you
are deceiving us Gizzi give you
treasures gizzy come here if you press
this but to do friends for you but you
busy come here see what the treasure is
actually hold on it's just some blocks
mm gee what's more entertaining you're
like me it'll let you die there's a sign
is he let you die I give you that this
is the trust trade ah I gotta choose I
gotta choose that you live or let you
die yeah we live yeah guys but you won't
get trapped come to come to me hi fools
because of myself see you guys get the
treasure hey how did you get inside you
I have to choose between me or you guys
then I have to stop
look it says punish the traitor this is
tea tea tea yes let me out please
look look above you look above you
oh just running for it pockets God I do
this
ah this thinkers on pushing me it's your
get out of here
no choking so where do we go Kyle
oh okay I just realized my mom and
crayons are labeled for some stranger's
house oh I fell too high and then
fucking turn now
yo I need a new tree can you guys help
me out sure bro thanks no problem master
do you guys always say everything at the
same time yes all the time yes that's
very good
how does that work cuz I just Hydra
thing racist bro
what no I was just curious curious about
our race no I'm sorry
I didn't mean oh like that just because
I suck my own dick at night that makes
you a racist
what's what no look we're not talking in
sync anymore
you suck my dick technically